hi Gemini this is Julianne Victoria of
through the peacock size and this is
your monthly Tara scope for August 2015
so the Sun is just setting so you get a
little sunlight on me coming through the
curtains and I do want to clarify a lot
of people have asked for the monthly
Tarot scopes I do reference Western
astrology and I do focus on the Sun Sign
when I'm shuffling but you can also
listen to your rising and wait and or
moon sign if one of those resonates more
strongly with you or to get a fuller
picture you can listen to all three ok
so Gemini let's see what's up for you
guys for this month of August 2015 and
I'm doing the mini cross reading again
and this month I am using the ancient
Italian to row ok so the first card
Gemini is the ten of cups it is
technically reversed but with a lot of
cards in this deck I don't feel the
reversal um overall I think most gemena
the Gemini's are feeling happy and
joyous you're surrounded by friends this
is very much a family car so it could be
that you're surrounded by family maybe
of a family reunion a big family
gathering going on could be just you're
surrounded by friends that are loving a
good community or just you yourself are
feeling really great tans are also
completion and new beginning so you may
be wrapping up an emotional phase in
your life to start a new one but it
feels really good like things are coming
together you're feeling supported you're
feeling loved and your just overall
feeling really good ok what surrounds
you is the eight of wands so there's a
lot of busyness this is the card of
swiftness there's lots of stuff going on
around you it may be that you have a lot
of family matters to attend to family
gatherings a lot of you know gatherings
with friends and your community but
there's a lot of busyness going on
around you it feels exciting it doesn't
feel like it
stressful for the most part but there's
just lots going on this month for you ok
now what crowns the reading is the ten
of pentacles so you get two tens this
also can be a family card as well
especially multiple generations of
family the position is what's on your
mind so maybe that you're you know that
10 of cups is getting you thinking about
family and family history ancestry
genealogy maybe you're looking in to
where you came from you know what your
heritage is what your culture is this
can also indicate that an inheritance is
coming in or money from family is coming
in and also just I want to say the
richness of your family or your heritage
or your ancestors so this may be
richness that comes in on the spiritual
level like connecting with ancestor
spirits but it could be you know
physical richness because this is
Pentacles like an inheritance or family
heirloom coming in that you've been
thinking about okay but a lot of family
type stuff at the base of the reading we
have the three of Pentacles and the base
is about your physical realm your
physical health and it could be material
things because that's physical and we do
get Pentacles so three of Pentacles is
about having the financial foundation to
build upon so it's kind of completing
the foundation so a number four is
really a number of foundation but this
card the three of Pentacles is very much
about making plans to build upon the
foundation you have set but it could be
that you're laying the foundation as
well because the position the base is
also the foundation I am feeling this is
financial for most geminis out there
because of the position and the card
Pentacles or coins and it may be that
you know some money from family in some
way is helping you to build upon this
financial this financial foundation so
it could be you know building a home
buying a home
that's physical and could be in your
career it could be in other areas of
your life so that's going to be very
individual for each Gemini okay in the
past we have the Hara font reverse um so
sometimes I rarely get this the Hara
font represents marriage and I'm
actually feeling with the tariff on
Traverse that it's what's in the past is
leaving behind a relationship it could
have been a marriage but a very you know
serious type relationships you could
have been living together you could have
been engaged it's letting go of the
traditional relationship and sort of
healing from it for some geminis it's
letting go of expectations of what you
wanted in your relationship or marriage
and with that letting go of expectations
it does not mean that the relationship
or marriage necessarily has ended so for
some it's about a relationship that
ended that you're letting go of a
traditional relationship most likely for
others its expectations of what you want
or possibly because you have to family
cards here what your family wants or
wanted you to have as a traditional
relationship it's letting that go okay
and in the future we have the seven of
cups reversed so I feel like you're
coming out of a phase where you didn't
feel like you had many options and your
options are opening up for you for some
probably a large percentage of geminis
errors because financially things are
changing whether that's through your own
efforts or money coming in from family
it's opening up your options but it
could be emotionally like clearing out
relationship or relationship
expectations or being in relationships
that other people especially family
wanted you to have and as you clear that
out of your mind and your energy field
more options will open up for you in the
future all right gem and I that is your
monthly Tara scope for August 2050
if you'd like a personal in depth to row
or astrology reading just go to my
website peacock sighs calm and click on
the embers card on the right hand side
or click the business link below alright
have a great month